README.md, before:

<img align="left" width="80" height="80" src="readme/chooser-icon.svg" alt="App icon">

# Chooser

<br>

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/UrAvgCode/Chooser"
alt="Github release">](https://github.com/UrAvgCode/Chooser/releases)
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://apt.izzysoft.de/fdroid/api/v1/shield/com.uravgcode.chooser"
alt="IzzyOnDroid release">](https://apt.izzysoft.de/fdroid/index/apk/com.uravgcode.chooser)
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-orange"
alt="GPLv3 License">](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)

Chooser is an Android app for selecting random fingers on the screen to decide who should pay when you're at the
checkout, who starts a game, or which teams to play in.

## Features

- Choose a random person
- Select multiple people
- Divide people into groups
- Count through a group

## Download

[<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Kunzisoft/Github-badge/main/get-it-on-github.png"
alt="Get it on Github" height="80">](https://github.com/UrAvgCode/Chooser/releases)
[<img src="https://gitlab.com/IzzyOnDroid/repo/-/raw/master/assets/IzzyOnDroid.png"
alt="Get it on IzzyOnDroid" height="80">](https://apt.izzysoft.de/fdroid/index/apk/com.uravgcode.chooser)
[<img src="https://fdroid.gitlab.io/artwork/badge/get-it-on.png"
alt="Get it on F-Droid" height="80">](https://f-droid.org/en/packages/com.uravgcode.chooser)

## Screenshots

| Finger Selection            | Group Mode                 | Order Mode                 |
|-----------------------------|----------------------------|----------------------------|
| ![](readme/single-mode.gif) | ![](readme/group-mode.gif) | ![](readme/order-mode.gif) |

Commit message:

get it on github badge

README.md, after:

<img align="left" width="80" height="80" src="readme/chooser-icon.svg" alt="App icon">

# Chooser

<br>

[<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/UrAvgCode/Chooser"
alt="Github release">](https://github.com/UrAvgCode/Chooser/releases)
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://apt.izzysoft.de/fdroid/api/v1/shield/com.uravgcode.chooser"
alt="IzzyOnDroid release">](https://apt.izzysoft.de/fdroid/index/apk/com.uravgcode.chooser)
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPL%20v3-orange"
alt="GPLv3 License">](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)

Chooser is an Android app for selecting random fingers on the screen to decide who should pay when you're at the
checkout, who starts a game, or which teams to play in.

## Features

- Choose a random person
- Select multiple people
- Divide people into groups
- Count through a group

## Download

[<img src="readme/get-it-on-github.png"
alt="Get it on Github" height="80">](https://github.com/UrAvgCode/Chooser/releases)
[<img src="https://gitlab.com/IzzyOnDroid/repo/-/raw/master/assets/IzzyOnDroid.png"
alt="Get it on IzzyOnDroid" height="80">](https://apt.izzysoft.de/fdroid/index/apk/com.uravgcode.chooser)
[<img src="https://fdroid.gitlab.io/artwork/badge/get-it-on.png"
alt="Get it on F-Droid" height="80">](https://f-droid.org/en/packages/com.uravgcode.chooser)

## Screenshots

| Finger Selection            | Group Mode                 | Order Mode                 |
|-----------------------------|----------------------------|----------------------------|
| ![](readme/single-mode.gif) | ![](readme/group-mode.gif) | ![](readme/order-mode.gif) |
